This is a head gum original.
That's a sinister dance.
We'll steam it into the new year.
2022.
You shouldn't have the face of a guy that was like performing that song.
Like you are sort of like into it.
Like you had anything to do with it.
We just hit a button.
So like I guess removed the pride slash enjoy from your eyes.
That had nothing to do with it.
Yeah.
New yee.
Nice.
No, it's a new year.
We're going into come March the second year of the show,
which is fucking bonkers, Johnny.
Yeah.
There's no way we started with a March of 2020.
And it doesn't matter if the day we're spreading joy and liable.
And that's what it's become about.
And what has also come about is a cold following.
And I think we owe it to our listeners to make the best product.
All phones considered.
I'm through a great start.
We have a lot to get to today.
And I hope that that exhaust you.
The idea of having activities multiple segments to get to.
How are you guys?
New Year's Eve.
Let's start off with waxing.
We've got Johnnyville on the sex.
Make a round the end of the facts.
And a mirror blue and felt bringing up the rear.
Or we should say the New York Times is New York.
I'm your blue.
Thank you.
Appreciate that.
Yeah.
Do you want to speak to that?
I was in an op-ed quoted in the lead paragraph of a pretty interesting.
Peace with regards to the recent Omicron search in cases.
And how.
The idea of purchasing someone a test or say it faster.
In this will be gone.
The era is actually up to three.
It's so self-serious.
Secrets say it to slash.
Birthday or anniversary gift.
It was a white out of a white elephant gift.
Because you are a white elephant.
Yeah.
Okay.
That's one way to look at it.
Not necessarily.
How I did.
Don't be sad.
You like to stick around.
And then that makes the sound effective mean.
Actually, I might change my name in here to the New York Times as a mirror.
That's a good idea.
It doesn't show up on the video.
Yeah.
But we'll now.
All right.
It'll boost us self esteem after you call them an elephant and said you wanted to die.
He's gone.
He obviously left.
Perfect.
Johnny, how is your music?
What'd you do?
Uh, my New Jersey was fine.
Uh, we celebrated it together, Jeffrey.
All right.
It was fine.
We got tested right before I walked into the party.
Correct.
Which actually does kill the energy, like walking in.
You know, you're walking in like, oh, excited.
Going into a party.
But you can't even walk inside like the actual place because you need to get tested.
Wait outside for 15 minutes while the rapid test displays its results.
And by that point, you really don't want to go in, but it's nice.
Did anybody?
What is that?
What are we looking at there?
That's Johnny doing his rapid test.
Did anybody fail that test on the way into the party and just have to like turn around
and go home?
Nobody did.
Everybody was negative?
Yeah.
Flying colors.
According to an at home rapid test.
Correct.
Yes.
I got an oops all negative rapid.
Done in a stairwell.
Where everyone is unmasked still.
And so what was the one?
My buddy, he was in that.
We've already had it.
Sorry, don't talk over me.
Don't talk over me, my show.
I wouldn't do that on fire.
It sucks to know that I wasn't invited to this party.
I'm just going to throw that out there immediately.
Would you have come?
No.
But I should have been invited.
I'm sorry.
Next time I'll invite you to an event.
No, it's fine.
It's fine.
I haven't seen Jeff the entire time he's been here.
Yeah.
We're going on two months.
How long?
You chose probably the worst two months in human history to live in New York.
But yeah.
It's Vincent's.
Can I move to celebrate all the room?
Do you think Oma Kron would have hit New York as hard in the universe
that I don't move to New York for these months?
No.
That's what I was worried about.
Yeah.
It's cool you guys had fun together though.
I'm glad.
I'm glad you were able to do stuff.
I feel like I'm in a bad position.
It feels like you're putting me on the spot.
No.
I just stayed home in my house alone because I was scared to go outside.
But, you know, it's cool.
Yeah.
Did you watch the ball drop or?
No.
I didn't.
I watched the movie.
Abiza.
Right before midnight.
Is that the movie about?
How have you choose that?
I'm here to do that.
I watched the film about Abiza to show a VCI was dead.
But then I did, I did see all of the clips of Anderson Cooper and what's this face?
Andy Cohen.
Yeah.
Just being drunk is fuck.
She was pretty great.
Have you seen this?
Yeah.
I guess that's a new thing.
People just get hammered on camera, on new years.
Like a bunch of channels had just like drunken hosts.
I guess they all took it from what CNN's been doing for whatever reason.
Yeah.
He really called out some people.
Mark Zuckerberg.
That part.
Oh my gosh.
Highly wreck.
Finding this clip.
This wouldn't have happened.
This was Dick Clark's New Year's Rock and Eve.
There's a lot more over back then.
Yeah.
I made a joke about in 2018 about that show being called Dick Clark's New Year's Rock and Ass.
And then Rajat Suresh tweeted New Year's New Year's New Year's Eve Rock and Bob.
And it went viral.
Yeah.
I like this year.
That was this year.
And I think it's a punch down.
It's a first draft of mine.
No, I'm so rocking ass.
Yeah.
I'll see you don't have the built-in cloud slash credibility to go viral on Twitter.
Really?
Regardless of what you say.
Okay.
Because I'm going viral is more than just coming up with a quippy one liner.
It's about knowing enough people that follow you that can signal boost.
Yeah.
Your thoughts.
And a mirror understands this because he's actually New York Times is a mirror.
Obviously.
Yeah.
I was in an up pretty interesting op-ed.
I was quoted in the lead of a Times piece.
A couple of things.
Exactly.
About all that.
About five minutes ago.
Baratum.
Like you had this reverse.
Because you kept talking about it the past two and a half weeks.
It's pretty exciting.
Yeah.
I didn't do anything nearly as exciting.
It's a big fucking deal, man.
I've been in the crossword before.
That's more of a big deal.
Yeah.
The crossword was fun.
The Jeopardy clue was a moment.
But that awkward moment when you're quoted in the lead.
Was it?
Times piece.
Hit different.
Was it college?
Shepherdy.
Let's just go to the next segment.
We are of his lovers.
Our Jeopardy is Jeopardy.
Are you guys doing a wordle?
Have you seen the new trend?
What's the word?
It was a word game.
Wait, tell me first.
Don't tell Johnny and Jeffrey.
I want to be like kind of ahead of the camera.
How am I going to do that?
It's not possible.
Yeah.
Just a quick run down and I can be like, oh yeah.
I know that.
And then we can figure it out.
You've already exposed yourself.
It's way too late.
Well, it's a word game.
But people have like moved like posting their results to social media and the form
of this like weird color grid.
And it's really pissing me off.
But I didn't play the game today and I won.
But I didn't post my results because I'm not.
Not what you just mentioned.
Didn't on a podcast that gets blasted out to like 40,000 people.
So that's worse than posting it to social media.
Because the audience is bigger.
Public law.
That's not the point.
I'm not like clogging my Twitter feed with just
colored blocks.
Yeah.
But it's cool.
It's fun.
It's like a daily puzzle.
Or you just like have to guess a word in six tries.
Mm-hmm.
Thought I thought someone would have seen this.
But I guess I'm on a different side of Twitter.
Yeah.
You're by yourself on this.
You're on a different path entirely.
And it's actually something I wanted to sit you down and talk about is that I
fear for you.
And what a trajectory that you're on.
Mm-hmm.
In terms of is it heading to our success?
Or at least my vision of success for you.
Mm-hmm.
Or is it?
Which is?
What's that?
What's your vision of success for me?
Honestly, broadway producer and star.
What are you doing to our generation?
Yeah.
Forget it.
I'm here.
What did you do for New Year's Eve?
I also stayed at home.
I just didn't want to be around too many people.
So we sort of hunkered in.
Stayed healthy.
Stayed happy.
And watched a few episodes of.
The Hulu original.
The Great.
Nice.
Great show.
It is a great show.
I mean, it's already watched it.
And she liked it so much that she's watching it again with me.
It is the Great Show.
What's that?
I still need to start season.
No.
But it's called Great.
Yeah.
What do you do all day, Jeff?
Me?
Yeah.
I sit down.
I try to write.
It doesn't happen.
Then I do a podcast or two.
I may be edit it.
And then I try to find.
Different avenues of joy.
Whether it's sexual.
Whether it's chemical.
Whether it's digital.
Remember that joke in a mirror?
Why did you text me?
Why does nobody friggin like me at 11.
18 a.m.
Pacific.
So what was going on at two in the afternoon?
It just feels like you had nobody.
You had lunch or something.
I had lunch.
Would you get?
Well, everybody else walked to Las Superior.
And then they didn't invite me.
So I went to a Delhi office.
Yeah.
You mean.
It's a fucking party.
It's been awesome.
I was there.
My name's there.
It's not everyone who matters is in the office right now.
Interesting.
Yeah.
Did you do?
That's cool.
The clapping.
Was it that you wanted to be safe?
Or did you get the invite to the party to be?
Yeah.
So rehashing this.
And re-talk it to.
A view.
Me?
No.
Me or said that he stayed any hunker down and that he watched the great.
I'm wondering if that was a conscious decision because of COVID or if it was because
you didn't get the invite to the party.
I got in a fucking invite.
Don't even worry about that.
You better believe I got the invite.
Really?
I opted not to attend because this thing's going ham.
It's absolutely going ham.
It's trying to stay outside of mass indoor masclos gathering.
Of course.
Yeah.
Jeffordio.
What's next?
Very entwines.
Anything else on the horizon?
I feel like we ought to be looking at Europe to see if they've found anything post
on the ground.
They're sort of living in a world six to eight weeks out.
Yeah.
Let's talk about something else.
Pretty good idea about what's coming up.
I'm not going to realize that.
Let's talk about something else.
Oh yeah.
Here's something.
Something more light hard to get.
We talked about COVID all the fucking time.
January 6th.
The anniversary is coming up.
What?
The insurrection.
The riot.
That's more light-hearted.
I, a fucking spoon.
I was throwing around a thought experiment.
Okay.
What if on January 6th, 2021?
It hadn't been white supremacists proud boys storming in the capital.
It had been the Sith.
The what?
From Star Wars?
Yeah.
The Sith.
Because then it could have been called January Sith.
January the Sith be with you.
That's a gun punch up.
Thank you.
Let me.
It's a good ladder.
Yeah.
And I want everybody sort of re-tweeting, shiming and coming.
Also original sort of twists and turns on this.
Golden nugget of a tweet.
January the Sith.
Be with you.
It's a gun.
It's perfect.
Johnny just laughed again like he heard it for the first time.
Yeah.
It is pretty novel.
It tickles me.
Yeah.
No way.
Tickles you.
In the way.
Same joke that I said.
And everybody didn't laugh.
Well, there's this kind of this really long while.
Yeah.
You can see the setup.
You kind of say it from like a place of hate.
But like a mirror sitting in front of place of light-heartedness.
And you can really tell.
And it bleeds into the night itself.
Yeah.
It's really.
It's funny.
You're not.
You're an artist.
Man, you should be able to hear like fucking feedback like this without getting so
Dispondent.
You can't have it in skin and like put stuff out there.
That's not how it works.
Like I should be able to tell you that your shit sucks.
Like you should.
You should.
You should be looking forward to that kind of feedback.
Do you have to have like crits in film school where you like sit in a room for hours
and your peers ridicule your work?
Mm-hmm.
And you're not allowed to say anything.
Yeah.
You're just wondering.
That was cool thing for sure.
That was cool.
This is the real room.
Yeah.
Your life should be that your life should be strangers coming up to you on the
thing.
Like, I wouldn't wear that.
I wouldn't do that with your hair.
Mm-hmm.
Don't frown as you walk down the street.
You're not, you know.
Dressed appropriately.
Sounds like the experience of a woman.
Oh.
Thank you.
And that's what I wanted to talk about because it shouldn't be up to
Marie could have bring this shit up.
Thank you.
Yes.
You never really have to be up.
What's that?
What'd you say?
I never bring shit up.
You never bring anything up.
So don't say, don't scold me in Johnny for not bringing it up.
I'm not scolding anyone.
I'm just presenting it out there.
I'm sort of speaking truth to power, not unlike the piece that was written about me
for me in the NY Times, which is pretty important.
Yeah.
We should do another advice.
That was pretty impressive.
Thank you.
Oh my gosh.
Your killer hypocrisy is the enemy of democracy.
How?
What do you mean?
Explain.
I'm happy.
It sounds like it just rhymes, but nothing else.
Yeah.
It's everything and nothing at the same time.
Listen, what people fail to realize in this country is that voting is only something
you do every four years.
You know, two years if you vote in the midterms, but who gives a shit about those?
People fail to realize that.
It's like definitely vote in the midterms.
Good job.
Yeah.
Awesome.
Boom.
Guys, a lot of people don't like me as resolutions, right?
But that doesn't mean you can't shake things up, whether it's switching up your work
out routine or going someplace new.
Whatever way you choose to challenge yourself this year, there's no better way to do it than with a pair of
Raycon wireless earbuds in your ears.
Raycon wireless earbuds are the best way to bring audio with you because no matter how you shake things
up, literally.
No matter how much you shake, you know they won't fall out of your ears.
Raycon's everyday earbuds look feel and sound better than ever, and they even have an awareness
mode for when you need to listen to your surroundings so you can take Raycon's with you wherever
you go.
And they also have optimized gel tips for the perfect in your fit.
I mean, they're so comfortable.
Trust me.
I've used the other leading earbuds that are wireless that put in your ear.
And it's no contest, which one fit better, which ones won't fall out.
And the sound quality is as good if not better.
Raycon's offer eight hours of playtime with a 32-hour battery life and their price just right.
So you can get quality audio at half the price of other premium audio brands.
So no wonder why Raycon's everyday earbuds have over 48,000 five-star reviews online.
So right now listeners of the headgun podcast get 15% off their Raycon order at buyraycon.com slash what's that?
That's buyraycon dot com slash what's that?
To save 15% on Raycon's again buyraycon dot com slash what's that?
Thanks Raycon.
Thank you to better help for sponsoring this episode of our show.
Is something interfering with your happiness?
Well, check out better help dot com slash what's that?
I struggle with anxiety and sleep issues, right?
And that's where better help comes in.
Better help will assess your needs and match you with your own licensed professional therapist where you can connect in a safe and private online environment that's so convenient.
You can start communicating in under 48 hours.
And it's not a crisis line.
It's not self help.
It's professional counseling done securely online.
You can send a message to your counselor at any time and you'll get timely and thoughtful responses.
Plus you can schedule weekly video or phone sessions all without ever having to sit in an uncomfortable waiting room.
Better help is also committed to facilitating great therapeutic matches.
So they make it easy and free to change counselors if need be.
And it's also more affordable than traditional offline counseling and financial aid is available.
So if you've been wanted to try therapy and you know money is a barrier.
Check out better help.
The services available worldwide meaning you can find the particular expertise that you need catered to you without limiting yourself to the counselors located physically near you.
Better help as licensed professional counselors who are specialized in depression, anger, stress, family conflicts, anxiety, LGBT matters, grief, relationships, sleeping, trauma, self esteem and much much more.
So we want you to start living a happier life today.
And as a listener of the headgum podcast, you get 10% off your first month by visiting our sponsor at betterhelp.com slash what's that?
Join over 1 million people of taking charge of their mental health.
Again, better help HELP.com slash what's that?
Thanks, better help.
Thank you.
Go back to you.
Yeah.
I think that's right.
And we're back.
Welcome to headgum drama.
Great.
We're going to talk about not only the T, but also drama series.
Okay.
Fine.
I'm in.
All right.
Part of the fun of working at a company as close knit as headgum is that you kind of know everybody.
Right.
And along with that is working in the office.
You know, on the other side, it's kind of a full house every day.
And you're bound to hear about gossip.
Also, there are often series that are drama.
So I just thought we could talk about some T and then also some like headgum branded drama series pitches at the same time.
Okay.
And not just not existing television.
Yeah.
Ideally not.
So the first one is.
I hear this trouble in paradise with Mike and his girlfriend.
No.
Really.
It's none of our business.
One and I highly doubt that there's any kind of trouble.
Yeah.
That's true.
And Mike didn't have like a really nice New Year's post saying love you.
So her.
Yeah.
I love her.
It's great.
You know.
Yeah.
Shit.
I don't know if you're.
Were you trying to stir something in sight?
Some it will like to be.
Is.
No.
I just thought I heard Jake some say something.
You know, a lot of this is keeping your ear to the ground.
Let's do the next.
Yeah.
Let's go to the next.
We're trying to talk about people that don't work at headgum.
Yeah.
Right.
Well, that's why I didn't mention her by name.
So I'm a good guy.
Move on.
And then what about this is like a drama pitch, right?
Winter is coming.
I came of thrones.
Ask epic that follows Andrew Pile as he prepares for the harsh.
Find back winter.
I think he's in Florida.
Yeah.
What?
He's sort of got out of upstate New York because it was cold and desolate.
And he's down in Florida where it's really nice and warm.
Yeah.
So there's that a no in the room.
Unequivically.
No.
Okay.
That sucks.
All right.
Johnny has a heart date next week.
Maybe.
It's nobody's business.
Is it true, though?
Now I feel like I'm put on the spot by you.
Maybe.
Yeah.
You're going to easily lie.
I good.
But what would that mean for the headgum listeners?
You know?
I don't know.
Yeah.
I don't want to be seen as someone who lies all the time.
I mean, they wouldn't have known.
Oh, sure.
Yeah.
Interesting.
I'm sorry.
Just like you've that in mind for the next time I have to lie.
At least I have a hot day over a week in advance too.
It's like a hot day scheduled for like 90s.
That was.
How do you say this far in advance?
Are you going to do a at home test right before you enter wherever the status?
I wasn't considering it, but now I am.
I have a test if you need it.
I'll take it.
Yeah.
Good luck finding them.
Yes.
How do you get one, Jeff?
Roger.
Help.
What's that?
Roman.
Help.
I don't know.
I used to cut the online one.
Yep.
Or did online test.
Why are you so bad?
Bad?
I said mad, but it doesn't sound like it's a bad again.
Why are we so bad?
What about sad men?
Alpha male Marty Michael is at the top of his game in the high pressure world of the podcasting industry.
However, he secretly devastated.
Didn't.
A awful bitch.
So, however he secretly devastated the idea.
That's just madmen, right?
That's sad men.
The television show.
No.
Isn't that a guy in the 1950s in the advertising industry?
Yeah.
But he said to a podcasting.
Really?
Pretty sure.
I kind of had it all in terms of like the job and the corner office.
I haven't watched madmen other than like one episode.
But I feel like it's safe to say he's not the happiest.
I just think it could be fun to see Marty go ham.
Yeah.
Of course.
The process was good.
But I think I'm going to have to do a hard pass on this.
Yeah, it's a pass for me.
Awesome.
What about the fact that Maria has boarded up her apartment windows to hibernate?
Obviously not true. You can see it.
You can see her windows.
It's gossip. It doesn't have to be true.
It just has to be fun.
How is that fun?
Yeah.
Like what are you of it?
The what are you?
What's that so rude to me as a person?
And you think saying that there's trouble in paradise is fun gossip.
And a loving relationship, trouble in paradise.
So when people break up, it's sort of interesting.
And gossip shouldn't be made up on the spot for a joke.
It should be real.
And that's what makes it fun.
These are real.
Yeah.
So they're not fun.
All right. What about compression?
It follows the familial drama of the herwitz family as siblings fight and
scrape their way to become the heir to the patriarch's old bike shorts.
The worst part about this is that you fucking planned ahead.
And this is what.
Yeah.
It took work to do it like that.
And it's still.
It's like bad improv somehow.
Yeah.
You're a.
And make money that way.
Yeah.
I'm actually I'm going to start taking these pictures from.
The perspective of a Broadway producer since that's what you want me to do.
And I'm still going to start.
Yeah.
I'm still going to say no.
But I think you're getting closer in terms of what would work on Broadway.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
And then this is to trouble in paradise with Angie and her husband.
No idea.
I don't know what to do with that.
I don't know.
So you don't know.
These people are.
They're married.
Right.
You don't.
So don't like make up rumors about shit.
Yeah.
All right.
You're feeling like you've been reprimanded right now.
We want you to stop doing this.
I mean, he sensitized.
You're going to put half of this shit.
I'm so bad.
I'm so bad for this.
Sometimes I say good shit and I still get predated.
So why should I even try?
Terrible mindset to have with this move on.
Breaking rad.
I had Nick Rad makes that.
I feel like this is going to be the next one.
That one's actually pretty good.
Yeah.
I had to watch it for sure.
That was it.
That was it for the heck.
I'm drama.
You're going to get more.
It's crazy that the least developed idea.
Like a Nick or breaking rad was the most well received.
So Jeffrey.
Probably.
That's true.
Yeah.
It does.
You guys might like this one.
It's a game.
I don't really like it.
I like it.
Welcome to Fictionary.
What?
What did you say?
The music was a music.
Yeah.
Did you say Fictionary or Pictionary?
Fictionary.
Dick.
Okay.
It's like sick, but with enough.
Fictionary.
Which makes less sense.
This is a 19th century era Victorian parlor game.
I doubt it, but go.
Go on.
Explain.
Fictionary.
What they would do is they would gather in the parlor.
Okay.
Take a Bictionary off the shelf.
Open it up.
Find an obscure word.
Say the word.
All the party guests would then come up with their definition of this obscure word.
What do they think it means?
They've never heard it before.
And then everybody goes around and shares their thing.
It could be funny.
It could be a serious guess.
And then at the end, you say the real definition whoever was closest to it wins.
Okay.
You guys ready?
This is like a file.
A game I used to play called Boulder Dash, but it was like an axe.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
It's a couple of rules.
Well, this is funny.
It had like real words and definitions.
Oh, that's just when I just grab it.
But if I don't find a word that's hard to understand.
No, no, no, no.
I have all of them.
Okay.
Pelical.
What?
Pelical!
Wow.
Do not impose your voice at me again.
You don't know how terrifying that is.
Being next to him in the studio.
Because you know.
Yeah.
He's like terrible.
He's the only hurdle close.
I've never done anything to hurt anyone physically.
Every.
Okay.
The fact that you have to say it is not a good sign, but.
Yeah.
In terms of my personality.
Pelical.
Let's start with Marika.
Is it Marika?
Yeah.
Okay.
Man.
I couldn't tell if you were Marissa Milnick.
How far are we into this episode?
And you thought she was a certain person.
There's a very minute.
Yeah.
Pelical of or pertaining to.
Pelican.
Jonny.
Oh.
I'm thinking.
It sounds like jellicle.
Like in cats.
But I also don't know what jellicle means.
So.
It's a man.
I think he's a nonsense word.
Okay.
So it is a nonsense word.
Peloton.
I think it has something to do with.
So Pelical has to do with something related to.
Flying.
Palea.
Is that.
Go on.
Never.
I'm here.
Pelical has dry course.
Almost like rough to the touch.
Amir was the closest.
The definition is.
Actually pretty fitting.
For.
Amir.
Fin Skin or film.
I don't know the closest.
You said course.
Of course.
She said course.
Should I also admit it to you?
And then we guess which one is right.
We're now we're just sort of trying out.
Really good.
Why don't we do that.
Because.
Because we didn't plan it.
Here we go.
Manus.
Manus separation.
Okay.
So here's what we should do.
Everyone should DM him in the Zoom.
Okay.
We want people to guess.
It's the actual definition of.
What is it?
Manus.
Can you.
Oh, there we go.
Manus.
Depression.
So everyone sort of DM Jeff.
Direct.
Not to every day.
Yeah.
Just directly to Jeff.
And then Jeff will read all of them, including the real one.
And we'll have to guess.
It's kind of like that.
That game we play.
Just a jackbox game.
Yeah.
Just play.
Okay.
I sent over over my.
Direct message to Jeff.
Um.
Okay.
This sucks.
You thought of the game, man.
No.
He said the way this idea was.
You said this idea was.
Yeah.
I'm not talking about the game.
I'm talking about the way this is going.
The energy in the room.
Well.
I don't know what you expect from us.
You were making us do a lot of thinking and like,
create a work.
Yeah.
And on the same time.
Yep.
On the fly.
Everything.
You guys are professionals.
Been in this for a year and a half.
Real little test.
Can you do it?
It's not because professionals.
Can you listen to music and sleep?
No.
Really?
Yeah.
All right.
Your options are.
A bloodletting or bio removal.
You specifically on smallpox in the 18th century.
B.
The act of tearing something off.
C.
Mastervation.
D.
A fancy word for writing.
I'm going to go with C.
Mastervation.
That's correct.
It is.
Honestly.
Wack in it.
You didn't want to wait for me.
Johnny to guess.
Yeah.
No.
Because you got it.
Yeah.
But like we could have also gotten.
All right.
Yeah.
Okay.
Then why don't you host the show.
Actually.
I was kind of into say.
Do you get?
D is a fancy word for writing.
Yeah.
I'll go with D.
It's fascinating.
It was mine.
So now Marie could get double credit because I guessed her.
Yeah.
All right.
Pid uncle.
Pett on whittle.
Ped uncle.
Hmm.
I don't.
I don't like the data that we have to.
Oh, a lot for this segment.
Say.
Got a good one.
I am.
Really think you guys will guess what mine is.
Let's just put it that way.
It's probably borderline what it actually.
Yeah.
Sometimes it's okay to just let silence be.
Not necessarily on a podcast, of course.
Yep.
Oh yeah.
This is great.
Okay.
I sent over.
All right.
Here we go.
A relative of a different ethnic background.
All right.
B.
Sorry.
What did you write?
I mean, what did I write?
B.
The stock of a flower.
C.
Terrain that is walkable or navigable on foot.
D. A person or animal that walks on the heels of their foot.
Oh.
Two feet related ones.
Yeah.
Nice.
Don't say nice.
I think I'm going to go with D because Ped means leg or foot.
And that's the one that stood out to me.
All right.
I'm going to go with the flower one because I think you changed it to the correct answer.
Once you made that.
And I was thinking that too.
Yeah.
Kind of predictable in a way.
I just was looking extra concerned.
So I guess what Marie can set to because he does seem to.
Yeah.
And socks.
And D was mine.
So again, I get double points.
Oh my God.
That's true.
So unfair.
All right.
Blattner phone.
Yes.
Can you spell that?
You should spell it out loud.
All right.
BL.
ATT.
N-E-R.
Phone.
Blattner phone.
A Blattner phone.
Or to Blattner phone.
Hmm.
These are the things we have to consider.
Blattner phone.
I hardly know her phone.
William Blattner.
That's good.
That's really good.
That's the first one.
I honestly just rubbed me the wrong way.
Like.
Yeah.
On the show.
Today.
Nope.
Nothing.
This is also sort of the ulcer line up.
And you're.
Nothing.
Yeah.
Yes.
On the show.
Today.
Nope.
Nothing.
This is also sort of the ulcer line up.
And you're.
I don't know.
I'm all for a laugh.
Let's.
What's the last move everybody watched?
I watched.
Thank you.
Six last night.
Oh, that's a good one.
It was fine.
Is the new Spider-Man supposed to be good?
Yeah.
It's good.
You watched it.
Yeah.
Day of release.
Trying to decide if I should go to a.
Empty theater to watch it.
Yeah.
I also want to do that again.
My friends and I are like, when can we find an empty theater in the city?
Would you say it's worth it for the empty theater?
Um.
All right.
I mean, I think it's good.
I think if you don't carry, you could easily just wait.
Ready months until it's released.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Um.
Blattner phone.
Hey.
Instrument used to record sound on magnetic tape.
B.
The sound of chicken.
C.
A musical instrument in the horn family known for its three parts spiral body.
Or D. A word that contains three successive hard consonants, which is not a definition.
Sorry.
I was really racking my brain over that one.
There's three options.
But you had it.
If you hadn't said that's not a definition, I would have chosen.
Yeah.
That one's not as obvious.
Although actually, you know, I guess it is a definition.
Because it would be like, oh, that's a blattner phone.
Oh.
Yeah.
Bucky.
That was Johnny's.
All right.
Yeah.
We already said them.
Now.
We're here.
The first instrument.
A.
An instrument used to record sound on magnetic tape.
B.
The sound of chicken.
Or C.
A musical instrument in the horn family known for its three parts spiral body.
I'm going to go on magnetic tape.
Yeah.
I've never heard of a blattner phone instrument.
I'm going to go.
Correct.
It is instrument used to record sound on magnetic tape.
Here we go.
And I get 10 points.
Because I was like, people wanted to answer D.
10 per a.
Okay.
You kind of sound the one that you were familiar with.
T-E-M-P-E-R-A.
Tempera.
Sure.
Shrimp Tempera.
Wow.
Yeah.
Left.
C's why.
Open the title.
6.
Johnny, how many times have you seen West Side Story Now?
I've seen it twice.
I was about to see it a third time with my mom.
my mom.
Don't talk to Johnny when he's writing his definition because he's there is.
Yeah.
Excuse you.
Blattner.
You can't you can't fault me.
Blattner phone was a very strange sounding word.
Tempera.
Whatever.
A.
It's a type of paint you fuck.
And I don't know.
That's comma you fuck or that you fuck.
The timing and rhythm of an opera.
I'm rocking in my opera.
See painting using white of eggs instead of oil or the process of slowing down time.
It's see.
I have the right answer and you had it as a definition.
What even you have the right answer and you have the type of paint.
He made on egg and so it shouldn't tool them.
Be that then.
And there you sure come on this sucks.
So I guess I'll send you.
He has been entering.
What's your answer?
I said see because my answer was a obviously because I knew what tempera is.
The game is awful. This game is drawful. Part of me want to see as well.
I'll go A, American man. A must be the American.
John, I are absolutely right.
It is a painting using egg whites. Here we go.
What?
Sorry.
O, O, S, E.
Hang on, O, O, S, E.
I'm going to need to stop doing that so I can write the difference.
It's too distracting because I also can't listen to the musical.
I'm working.
Yeah.
In a podcast, it feels with low lights.
That I think was the worst thing I've ever heard.
Hang on, O, S, E.
Damn, that was terrible.
That was so fucked up.
All I'm asking is for a little ooze when you get home.
O, S, baby, when you get home.
O, O, S, E.
Find out what it means to us.
O, S, E.
This sucks.
You're coming up.
We're playing your game.
And then the second we get into it.
You made it even more.
This is probably the best part of the episode.
And you made it.
All right.
A, for ooze.
O, S, E.
Very dust that gathers under beds.
B, the bottom of a ship.
C, cellular sludge or experiment.
Or D, slang for liquor.
As in, hey, baby, pour me some of that sweet sweet ooze.
What was the third one?
That was third one.
Was cellular sludge or experiment?
I guess.
A, A.
What was A?
Then A was very dust that gathers under beds.
I think it's experiment.
And I'll say the bottom of a boat.
Marika was right.
It is furry dust that gathers under beds.
Wow.
Good job, everybody.
Stoss.
What's that?
STOSS.
It all sounds like same.
I think Stoss is your one.
Stoss.
Stacey Moss.
Stoss's Moss has got it going.
Stoss.
You guys think it's hard to have a ton of fun?
On here?
Yeah.
Stoss.
I think it depends on what your definition of fun is.
Alright, here we go.
A, an impending storm.
B, side of a hill, facing upstream.
B, the neck of champagne bottles primarily before the 1800s.
Or D, medieval, pillured walls.
Say the first one.
The first one is an impending storm.
Second length.
There'd be a stoss of ruin.
Second one.
The second one is going to be, what was B?
Oh, the side of a hill, facing upstream.
I'm going to go with that one, B.
I'll go with medieval, pillured walls.
I'm going to go with A.
The storm.
Rico is right.
Also, Amir was as wrong as one could be because he guessed his own guess.
I sort of was trying to start a movement.
You were the last one, but you're guessing.
In a way.
All right.
Jounce.
Let it all out.
These are the things I can do without.
So nice.
Oh, I'm glad you wrote that because I did not hear what you said.
He said, chounce.
It's like juicy.
Jounce.
Yeah, this does suck, yeah.
If it sucks, it's because you suck.
All right.
A.
Jeanne Ouse.
The bottom.
Janne Ouse.
I'm a bow.
Can be B.
To bump or jolt.
C.
Bouncy jeans.
Denom material.
Or D.
Bouncing but in jeans.
It's obviously not.
C or D.
Take her thing.
Denom bottom.
Of course.
Interesting.
Denom bottom.
Of course.
And we established that Ouse is not the bottom of the boat.
Yeah.
That's right.
I've been put there just to, you know, trip aside.
To start a movement, even.
Okay.
So I think we're all in agreement.
We would all vote for B.
Yeah.
To bump or jolt.
That's exactly right.
Yeah.
It's my chance.
Of course.
All right.
Here we go.
This is the last one.
Do you don't have it ready?
Fair.
Here.
Yeah.
Fair.
Okay.
Do you guys like the skin?
No.
Yeah.
Oh.
All right.
Kind of like it.
Honestly.
No.
Johnny.
That's fair.
Oh, god.
There's this bit of dramatic irony going on.
Jeff is seeing all the definitions we sent.
Okay.
I think he's going to cry.
I don't think he's going to get through them all.
Yeah.
I think it was really interesting.
How we all said jeans for the previous one.
All right.
That makes us more selfish.
Okay.
The platform that emerges from a grandfather clock when the chicken walks out and
clocks.
B.
Blue gray squirrel fur.
C.
Very fair.
Or D.
To start a movement.
I think it's the chicken one.
That's a crazy thing that I think it's going to work.
Where do you want to start a chicken one too?
Interesting.
I'm going to go squirrel.
I'm.
America got all of these correct.
It is a blue gray squirrel.
There.
To start a movement is so.
I'm going to go squirrel.
America got all of these correct.
It is blue gray squirrel.
There.
To start a movement is so fucking fun.
Yeah.
I mean, it was trying to bear.
No.
Nice.
That was easy.
Yeah.
What a ride.
It's hand.
It's what?
There.
This can't be the new word of 20 20.
I wish it meant something different than squirrel fur.
Plugs.
First episode of the year in the bag.
Yeah.
Great.
What's that?
It's a very ooze episode.
You can follow me on Instagram at Johnny V.
J.L.H. and N.Y. V.I.
Of course.
And have a.
Have a.
Have a very day.
Varika.
Follow me on Twitter and.
Instagram and letter boxed.
At Marie Kaylon.
I'm here with a film.
I'm on black and her phone.
Um.
Okay.
Blue and brown.
Yeah.
And I have a.
Beta invite to ooze, which is a pretty.
We have three app.
So let me up on that as well.
That's funny.
That's what?
You should change.
Riot to ooze.
O.O.S.
Yeah.
We never want to start with two bells.
That's what you got to ooze.
Who do you know that works on Stoss?
I sold all my stoss.
Oh.
Good.
Stoss.
Everybody.
Good.
Stoss.
Bear.
Well, that's fair.
It was a good episode.
You know.
But.
I'm going to go.
Man has to pray.
I got a chance.
I got a.
That's.
Gene and bounce.
We'll see you guys again next week.
Thanks for watching this episode of the head gun podcast.
Check out the new punch up the jam.
And we'll see you guys again next week.
Gears.
Everybody.
That was a head gun original.